Improve readme for the samples (#218)
astarte-platform/astarte-device-sdk-python: examples/grpc/README.md

[documentation](https://docs.rs/astarte-message-hub/latest/astarte_message_hub/) for the
Astarte message hub for more information.

## Downloading the sample

The sample is available on the
[GitHub repository](https://github.com/astarte-platform/astarte-device-sdk-python/tree/v0.14.0)
for this project.

> You can download the content of this sample foder with the following `curl` and `tar` commands:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can download and unpack the content of this sample folder with the following `curl` and `tar` commands:
```
